# TerraFirmaCraft-Reloaded

I'd like to present my modpack; TerraFirmaCraft Reloaded to you, and invite you to play it. I've figured since there are already a lot of modpacks out there, where the main focus is tech mods, I don't want this modpack to contain any of that. What I've chosen to focus on instead, is enhancing the environment the player traverses and lives in, as I wish to give the player the best experience possible in a nontraditional way, while still trying to be as true to nature as possible. The modpack is of course built around TerraFirmaCraft itself as the point of focus, and isn't just the typical "advance from the stone ages to the modern times".

While travelling around in your world you might stumble upon some dungeons, in which a lot of tough monsters might try to defeat you. Furthermore when you perhaps need to cross the living ocean, in order to find new lands where previously unavailable crops and plants grow, might find something attacking you from the depths below. Additionally, the world is scattered with a large variety of birds and other animals, such as rabbits and mice - but also some to watch out for.

TerraFirmaCraft, created by Bioxx, is a complete rework of Minecraft survival. The world generation is very different from vanilla Minecraft, featuring a wide variety of environments, stone layers, and vegetation, and the technology tree is much richer, encompassing pottery, stone working, metallurgy and much more. This mod is designed to make Minecraft survival more challenging and complex, while still being fun to play. Enjoy!
